docker examples updated (#3827)
conan-io/docs: examples/runners/docker/basic.rst

.. include:: ../../../common/experimental_warning.inc

First of all you need to have the Docker daemon installed and running, plus Conan and the ``docker`` Python package. This tutorial assumes that you are running Conan inside a Python virtual environment, skip the first line if you already have the ``docker`` Python package installed in your virtual environment.

.. code-block:: bash

    # install docker in your virtual environment if you don't have it already installed
    $ pip install conan docker
    $ docker ps
    $ CONTAINER ID   IMAGE     COMMAND   CREATED   STATUS    PORTS     NAMES

> Once the environment is ready, we are going to create create simple ``cmake_lib`` Conan template inside Docker using a runner. Let’s create the lib and a Dockerfile inside our project folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we are going to create create simple ``cmake_lib`` Conan template to later run inside Docker using the runner feature. Let’s create the Conan package and a Dockerfile inside our project folder.
```

.. include:: ../../../common/experimental_warning.inc

> First of all you need to have docker installed and running, plus conan and the docker python package. In this example we are going to use a virtualenv with both packages.
> 
> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all you need to have the Docker daemon installed and running, plus Conan and the ``docker`` Python package. This tutorial assumes that you are running Conan inside a Python virtual environment, skip the first line if you already have the ``docker`` Python package installed in your virtual environment.

.. code-block:: bash
```

>     $ python3.8 -m venv conan2-runners && source conan2-runners/bin/activate
>     $ pip install conan docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # install docker in your virtual environment if you don't have it already installed
    $ pip install conan docker
```

    $ docker ps
    $ CONTAINER ID   IMAGE     COMMAND   CREATED   STATUS    PORTS     NAMES

> ``docker_example_host`` profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
